<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>2016 Agendas and Minutes: Monday 11/9 board meeting</title>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../application.css">
</head>

<body class="projects messages">
  <header>
    <nav class="global">
      <a href="../../../index.html" class="home">Home</a> |
      <a href="../../../projects/index.html" class="projects">Projects</a> |
      <a href="../../../calendars/index.html" class="calendars">Calendars</a> |
      <a href="../../../people/index.html" class="people">People</a>
    </nav>

    <header>
      <h1>2016 Agendas and Minutes</h1>
    </header>

      <nav><a href="../topics/index.html">&larr; See all discussions</a></nav>
  </header>

  
<article class="message">
  <header>
    <h2>Monday 11/9 board meeting</h1>
    <p>Posted by Brian Mullaney on November  7, 2015</p>
  </header>

  <div class="content">
    Reminder- please review oct minutes before the meeting. Among other things ....<br>Brian M /bill/ted owe an update on clinics<br>Karen/brian C providing initial ideas on short term capital subcommittee <br>Coalesce to share soccer best practices on long term capital planning <br><br>See everyone Monday
  </div>

  
    <div class="comments">
    <h3>Comments</h3>

      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Kevin Olivieri</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Hi all,<br><br>I am unable to attend the meeting tonight. I apologize for the short notice.<br><br>Attached is the agenda for the meeting. Could someone print out copies for the meeting?<br><br>Thanks,<br>Kevin
        </div>

          <ul class="attachments">
      <li>
          <a href="../attachments/193714811-mgsa-agenda-11092015.docx">MGSA-Agenda-11092015.docx</a>
      </li>
  </ul>

      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Bill Vaughn</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I'll print out and bring. I Also have to leave tonight around 8 so we'll try to finish in an hour or so
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Calece Johnson</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Are there proposals from the subcommittees? We are supposed to use the<br>information from these committees to help set registration prices.<br>Registration is supposed to open in December, correct?<br><br>The Capital Subcommittee is just me...I followed up with the soccer board<br>and they have no capital planning process. They do have a chunk of money<br>set aside for fields in the future but have no specific plans.<br><br>Offseason Clinics Subcommittee – Recommend to Board              Bill/Ted<br><br>·         Short Term Capital Subcommittee – Recommend amortization<br>Karen/Brian C.<br>schedule
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Brian Conroy</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I have a capital equipment plan proposal prepared
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Karen Lewis</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I didn't work with Brian C on capital equipment plan.<br><br>My apologies I can't attend tonight's meeting.
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Bill Vaughn</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Without Karen and Kevin, and me having to leave early, we might want to cancel tonight and reschedule. Important issues need to be discussed and EB should be there. Thoughts?
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Richard Fitzgerald </b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Sorry for late notice-I will be unable to attend the meeting tonight
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Brian Conroy</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I think we should reschedule I can place the capital equipment  plan on Basecamp.
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Calece Johnson</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I agree we should reschedule and proposals for clinics and capital equipment should be posted and reviewed prior to the next meeting. 
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Nicholas Tangney</b> on November  9, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Rescheduling seems like a good idea
        </div>

        
      </div>
  </div>

</article>

</body>

</html>
