<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>2015 Agendas and Minutes: board meeting minutes attached. please review. please provide vote by 9/16 (tomorrow) on Gile fie...</title>
  <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../application.css">
</head>

<body class="projects messages">
  <header>
    <nav class="global">
      <a href="../../../index.html" class="home">Home</a> |
      <a href="../../../projects/index.html" class="projects">Projects</a> |
      <a href="../../../calendars/index.html" class="calendars">Calendars</a> |
      <a href="../../../people/index.html" class="people">People</a>
    </nav>

    <header>
      <h1>2015 Agendas and Minutes</h1>
    </header>

      <nav><a href="../topics/index.html">&larr; See all discussions</a></nav>
  </header>

  
<article class="message">
  <header>
    <h2>board meeting minutes attached. please review. please provide vote by 9/16 (tomorrow) on Gile fie...</h1>
    <p>Posted by Brian Mullaney on September 15, 2015</p>
  </header>

  <div class="content">
    <p>board meeting minutes attached. please review.</p><p>please provide vote by 9/16 (tomorrow) on Gile field.</p><p>Please complete board survey information ASAP<br></p>
  </div>

    <ul class="attachments">
      <li>
          <a href="../attachments/181330886-msga sept 2015 minutes.docx">MSGA Sept 2015 minutes.docx</a>
      </li>
  </ul>

    <div class="comments">
    <h3>Comments</h3>

      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Shawn Ward</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Minutes look great...  my vote is YES on Gile improvements
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Brian Mullaney</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          <br>additionally, Braintree was looking for a U16 pitcher to fill out their tourney team roster for the fall/winter. (if anyone is interested/knows anyone)
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Brian Mullaney</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I also vote yes on Gile
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Brian Conroy</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I vote yes on Gile
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Ted Carroll</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          yes on gile
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Kevin Olivieri</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Link to Board Self-Assessment:<br><a href="http://goo.gl/forms/iCLJq8Eqpx">http://goo.gl/forms/iCLJq8Eqpx</a><br><br>Thanks!
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Dana Rundlett</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Yes on Gile
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Lloyd MacNeil</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Yes for Gile<br><br>Sent from Outlook
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Richard Fitzgerald </b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Although it's seems a bit rushed it seems like a no brainier it needs to be done right- I vote yes as well.
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Nicholas Tangney</b> on September 15, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          <p><br>I agree the Gile pricing seems attractive</p><p><br></p>
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Calece Johnson</b> on September 16, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Yes for Gile though I am quite uncomfortable with this process. Too rushed,<br>not in any plan of ours and unclear how/why this project came forward. Not<br>blaming anyone here for that- seems like a mixture of small town politics<br>and opportunity.<br><br>For the funding, Park and Rec should pay half of all cost. Then the<br>partners (us, Men's league, boosters) should pay the other half. So<br>technically we will pay less than half. Not sure if this was in the plan<br>but that's what I'm giving my approval for.
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Gary Kelly</b> on September 16, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          I spoke with Terry Driscoll yesterday (prior Milton Park Commissioner and Owner of Read Custom soils- provides material to fenway park and area Colleges).  He was very glad to hear that the company STS is doing the work, says they are the best in the NE, and last year went down to PA to help with the Williamsburg little league field before the World series.<br><br>Terry mentioned the soil being applied is one of the best that can be used, and its all about the mixture, and feels the right mix is being used based on how it will be kept up.  He did mention, we should inquire about the irrigation as this is the time to correct it, if its not being corrected to hit the material. (ie. our dusty issues can be minimized with the correct irrigation design).  My two cents on that, would be to hold Perdios accountable to fix/change for that to happen, and that is a cost that should be absorbed by his dept (as it goes to help his maintenance and helps his dept as well as playing conditions for us).
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Gary Kelly</b> on September 16, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          My vote as mentioned at the meeting is Yes.  We have been talking about capital planning for years, and as we have been making investments each year in certain areas, these type of expenses are the type that can arise quickly and usually need quick action, its that nature of the non profit (volunteer) beast.  <br><br>If I could suggest to maybe create a reserve/restricted account, which is set up to allocate funds each year from the general budget (on a % basis), for capital or long range projects and it continues to reduce the amount of retained earnings on hand at the end of each year (which should be less than 15-20%).  Then these funds are already ratified for either issues that arise quickly to take advantage of, or helps us plan for things like a scoreboard.<br><br>Lastly, I do feel that with the fields being town fields and open to the public, (along with permit fees being charged), that the Park Department should be footing the complete cost, but in today's world, since they charge us a fee to use the fields, they (town $$) could be paying for half, and the other half should be coming out of the mysac fees.  Since that is not happening, and we charge town kids to play softball, and we are asked to help with the cost, the total cost that remains should be absorbed by our program.
        </div>

        
      </div>
      <div class="comment">
        <p><b>Kevin Olivieri</b> on September 18, 2015:</p>

        <div class="content">
          Hi everyone,<br><br>We appreciate your quick response as well as the detailed and though-provoking responses from Calece and Gary. Much appreciated. <br><br><b>We are moving forward with the Gile Field Project. </b>Bill is working with Dave Perdios on making sure our questions are answered to our satisfaction.<br><br>I agree that if done right this could address the problems with our flagship field and I am confident it will. As a board our process needs to be better structured and disciplined. This is on me. I will be working with Calece and Nick on developing a draft of a Capital Plan that will be reviewed by Karen and Bill and shared with the rest of the board.<br><br>These are great discussions to have and we are fortunate to be in a position where we can make investments such as this.<br><br>Thanks,<br>Kevin
        </div>

        
      </div>
  </div>

</article>

</body>

</html>
